Trade, equipment production, etc etc.

A) Simplify equipment without dumbing it down.

The best gameplan is to keep all equipment. It's well made, and the design is solid.

--------------------------------------

###Actual solutions:###

#Merge battalion types:
- SP Artillery and Rocket Artillery (Make same archetype, will reduce total needed equipment types by 1) Requires edits of a good number of templates.

- Merge Armored Infantry, Mechanized Infantry btn, make IFV's and APC's the same archetype. Same for Recce, Airborne and Marine Armored and Mech. (Will reduce total needed equipment types by 1 for most, 3 for some of the largest countries) Requires edits for the templates and OOB's. 

- Slightly more radical version of the above: IFV's, Amph Ifv's, APC's, Amph APC's = 1 archetype, Airborne APC & IFV's = another. Pro is that many of these vehicles are amphibious even in normal units. For most nations this is still just 1 less total equipment to produce, but for a few majors it can be 5 in total. If we wanna do the above this is actually an better option since it's even more flexible.

#Equipment archetype merge: 
- Make ATGM & Mounted ATGM the same archetype, slight drawback are that Mounted ATGM then can be used for all non-vehicle units. Pro is that a few nations use MANPATS and mount it on vehicles. 1 less thing to produce for all nations. Very clean to do, almost no work.

#New Battalion type:
- Make "MANPADS" battalion & company (Can reduce total equipment requirements by 1 for some minors, but not for most nations, even militias have manpads) Makes stuff more flexible but basically every template must be touched to do it. Not worth it for now I'd say. 

#Actually merging our 2 generic categories of infantry equipment, Small arms and Heavy Infantry Equipment. The worst thing is that we then have a lot of GFX for Heavy Equipment made in vain. I'm not really in favor, but I'm just mentioning it. 

#Remove Engineer equipment and units, assume that Engineers are included in all units. Increase Manpower costs for all units to compensate. Saves 2 equipment types from being produced. I could support this since engineers are included in nearly all units worldwide. Requires edits for every OOB though. 

Only the ATGM & Mounted ATGM joint archetype would not require any OOB edits. = 1 less thing you have to produce for all. It's something, but not an huge dent. 

If we do that + removing engineers, joining SP-Art and MLRS btn's, most radical APC+IFV btn & archetype merge. Then a small / medium sized nation will have about 4 less things overall they have to produce (demanded by at least 1 btn). 

For Poland, it will go from 15->10. 
For Iran it will go from 17->12. 
For the UK it's 15->12 things, 
Zimbabwe 14->10 (they have a lot of stuff in their templates), 
India 19->14
Russia 22->14
USA 17->11
Ireland 11->9

Questions: 
I see the AI places a demand of 1 factory per item it has in any template. Can we control this? Does not have to be critical though, as I see they produce things out of order on the list. 

But, they do not take into demand actual demands by units, or, they place a too high weight on the "cost of switching production, loss of efficiency". Ireland have plenty of small arms stockpiled (1,5K) from production, and recon drones (160) but still they prioritize this over Heavy Infantry Equipment (-100) that they need.

Sometimes they put a lot of older gen stuff into production, even though they have newer of the same type researched. Can we solve this?

